Doctor Search: searchDoctor.py

The function searchDoctor takes in the connection to the oracle
database and the cursor in order to execute queries. The function
first asks for a doctor's employee number or the doctor's name. The
function checks to see if a integer was entered or a string.

The function then asks for a start date and following that an end
date in the form of YYYY-MM-DD. Both inputs are checked to be formatted
correctly and a month number cannot be out of the ranger 1:12.

The search will query the oracle database for the doctor's information
and all the prescriptions that the doctor has given within the
specified date interval.


Test Result Entry: enterTestResult.py

The function enterTestResult takes in the connection to the oracle
database and the cursor to execute queries and inserts. The first
requirement of this function is to find existing est records in which
to edit.

A variable testID is assigned an int by calling the function
findTestRecord which is also given the connection and cursor to the
oracle database. findTestRecord asks the user to enter in information
into fields or to leave them blank. Based on if the field is blank or
not the function will query the database and print information stored
in the database relevant to that query. The point of the search is to
get a test ID, whether the user enters it first as that information is
already known or finds the desired entry from a displayed list.

enterTestResult now has a test ID stored in testID. Now the function
will ask for information pertaining to the test record that will be
entered into the database. If a field is left blank then that value in
the database will not be changed. Each entry if the database returns
an error will require the user to enter a value that will not return
an error from the database. At the end if all is done successfully the
function will print a success message and return to the main function.
